1. I was using myself as an imaginary client because I figured that way I would know exactly what my client wanted! I was trying to create a website to display some of the items I have baked, but also where viewers could send in links to their favorite baked goods as well. I went with the tones of yellow and red for the color theme because I have read before that they stimulate appetite, as well as being eye catching colors.
2. It is important to consider mobile-first design because a majority of people use their cell phones to view websites and if the website appears to cluttered and unorganized from their phone, chances are the viewer will just leave the website and find another one.
3. I have no clue what I was doing. I have not really had this feeling while doing the homework in this class, so I don't know if it's because we're sort of bringing everything together now and that overwhelms me, but I could not get anything to work. Everything that I thought I knew seemed to not work in quite the same way, and no matter how many times I tried to fix things it just wouldn't work out for me. I am pretty bummed because I was actually looking forward to being able to put everything together, but I really don't know why I struggled so much with this assignment. I know I am able to set up a meeting with you if I need help, however I think I still get intimated to ask for help. I also thought I finally had things coming together, and then I apparently made some small change that made some of my material not show up anymore. So overall a rough homework assignment for me this week, and I imagine I will most likely be reaching out to you to set up a meeting regarding the final since I am clearly struggling!
